doc(graphql): GraphQL 101 section (#5800)
redwoodjs/redwood: docs/docs/graphql.md

query GetProject {
  project(name: "GraphQL") {
    id
    title
    description
    owner {
      id
      username
    }
    tags {
      id
      name
    }
  }
}
```

will return the following JSON response:

```json
{
  "data": {
    "project": {
      "id": 1,
      "title": "My Project",
      "description": "Lorem ipsum...",
      "owner": {
        "id": 11,
        "username": "Redwood",
      },
      "tags": [
        { "id": 22, "name": "graphql" }
      ]
    }
  },
  "errors": null
}
```

As showcased above, GraphQL make fetching data descriptive and predictable (the response is matching the query structure).

Again, unlike REST API, a GraphQL API is built upon a Schema that defines which queries and mutations can be performed.

The following schema describes a the Types and Query required to perform the previously showcased `GetProject` query:

```graphql
type Project {
  id: ID!
  title: String
  description: String
  owner: User!
  tags: [Tag]
}

# ... `User` and `Tag` type definition

type Query {
  project(name: String!): Project
}
```
_More information on GraphQL types can be found [on the official GraphQL documentation](https://graphql.org/learn/schema/)_

> Finally, the GraphQL Schema is associated to a resolvers map that help resolving each requested fields, for example: `Project.owner`:

Author: ```suggestion
Finally, the GraphQL Schema is associated with a resolvers map that helps resolve each requested field, for example: `Project.owner`:
```

To sum up, when a GraphQL query reaches a GraphQL API, the following flow is followed:

```
+--------------------+                  +--------------------+
|                    | 1.send operation |                    |
|                    |                  |   GraphQL Server   |
|   GraphQL Client   +----------------->|    |               |
|                    |                  |    |  2.resolve    |
|                    |                  |    |     data      |
+--------------------+                  |    v               |
          ^                             | +----------------+ |
          |                             | |                | |
          |                             | |    Resolvers   | |
          |                             | |                | |
          |                             | +--------+-------+ |
          |     3. respond JSON data    |          |         |
          +-----------------------------+ <--------+         |
                                        |                    |
                                        +--------------------+
```

> For more info on a pure GraphQL implementation, [complete GraphQL guides and tutorials are available on graphql.org](https://graphql.org/learn/).

Author: @jtoar 

The notion of "pure GraphQL implementation" was introduction by @dac09's review to distinguish the "standard" way of defining GraphQL resolvers and the way of defining resolvers in Redwood: https://github.com/redwoodjs/redwood/pull/5800#discussion_r904060217

I'm happy to change the wording if needed 🤓

<!-- TODO -->
<!-- This https://community.redwoodjs.com/t/how-to-add-resolvetype-resolver-for-interfaces/432/7 -->

## Futher Reading

Eager to learn more about GraphQL? Check out some of the resources below:

- [GraphQL.wtf](https://graphql.wtf) covers most aspects of GraphQL and publishes one short video a week 

> - [howtographql.com] is aimed at people looking to learn GraphQL in a practical way, through a set of complete full-stack tutorials

Reviewer: it's not so up to date tutorial...
Should maybe change that to the Yoga tutorial?
It's more up to date and also is the thing that Redwood actually use under the hood?

Author: @Urigo Fixed!
